Qiskit/README.md, before:

# Quantum Computing and Information: A Scaffolding Approach (2nd Edition)

This folder contains [Qiskit](https://www.ibm.com/quantum/qiskit) code samples for the textbook *Quantum Computing and Information: A Scaffolding Approach (2nd Edition)* by Peter Lee, Huiwen Ji, and Ran Cheng.

## Copyright

© John Hurst and Peter Lee, Published by Polaris QCI Publishing.

## Engaging with the Repository

We encourage readers to actively participate in this repository and contribute to its growth. Here's how you can engage:

### Explore and Use the Code

* Dive into the provided Jupyter notebooks (`.ipynb` files) and experiment with the code examples.
* Run the simulations and observe the results.
* Modify the code to explore different scenarios and deepen your understanding.

### Provide Feedback and Suggestions

* **Open Issues:** If you find any errors, have suggestions for improvements, or encounter any issues, please open an issue on GitHub.
* **Discuss Concepts:** Use the issue tracker to discuss specific concepts, ask questions, or share your insights.
* **Request New Content:** Suggest topics or examples you'd like to see added to the repository.

### Contribute Code and Content

* **Fork and Pull Requests:** If you have improvements in the code or documentation, new examples, or additional learning materials, fork the repository, make your changes, and submit a pull request.
* **Contribute Notebooks:** Create new Jupyter notebooks that illustrate specific concepts or provide additional examples.

#### Example Issue/Pull Request Ideas

* "Found a typo in the teleportation demo notebook."
* "Suggest adding an example of E91's algorithm implementation."

### Engage in Discussions

* **Follow the Repository:** Stay updated on new releases and discussions by following the repository.
* **Participate in Discussions:** Join existing discussions and share your thoughts.

**How to Contribute:**

1.  **Fork the repository:** Click the "Fork" button in the top right corner of the repository page.
2.  **Clone your fork:** Clone the forked repository to your local machine.
3.  **Create a branch:** Create a new branch for your changes.
4.  **Make your changes:** Modify the code, add new content, or improve documentation.
5.  **Commit your changes:** Commit your changes with descriptive commit messages.
6.  **Push your changes:** Push your changes to your forked repository.
7.  **Create a pull request:** Click the "New pull request" button on your forked repository page.

We believe that collaborative learning is essential for understanding quantum computing. We look forward to your contributions and engagement!

## Local Setup

The code is in the form of Python Jupyter notebooks.

You can run the code locally, or in the cloud using one of several Jupyter hosting services.

To run the notebooks locally, you need to have Python3 installed on your computer.

Consult the instructions at [python.org](https://www.python.org/) to download and install Python3.

Once you have Python installed, create a [Python virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html)
and install the necessary packages in the folder of this repository using these commands:

``` bash
cd Qiskit
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install --upgrade pip
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

To run the Jupyter notebook server, use the command:

``` bash
jupyter notebook
```

You can also run the notebooks in [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/sourcecontrol/github) if you prefer a more powerful coding environment.

## Cloud Services

You can also run the Jupyter notebooks Cloud-hosted notebook services such as [Binder](https://mybinder.org/) or [Google Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/).

Links for each sample for Binder and Colab are below:

### bb84-quantum-key-distribution-demo

[![Open In Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/main?labpath=Qiskit%2F05-Single-Qubit-Quantum-Gates%2Fbb84-quantum-key-distribution-demo.ipynb)
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/blob/main/Qiskit/05-Single-Qubit-Quantum-Gates/bb84-quantum-key-distribution-demo.ipynb)

### quantum-coin-game-demo

[![Open In Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/main?labpath=Qiskit%2F05-Single-Qubit-Quantum-Gates%2Fquantum-coin-game-demo.ipynb)
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/blob/main/Qiskit/05-Single-Qubit-Quantum-Gates/quantum-coin-game-demo.ipynb)

### teleportation-demo

[![Open In Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/main?labpath=Qiskit%2F10-Key-Applications-of-Entanglement%2Fteleportation-demo.ipynb)
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/blob/main/Qiskit/10-Key-Applications-of-Entanglement/teleportation-demo.ipynb)

### e91-quantum-key-distribution-demo

[![Open In Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/main?labpath=Qiskit%2F10-Key-Applications-of-Entanglement%2Fe91-quantum-key-distribution-demo.ipynb)
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/blob/main/Qiskit/10-Key-Applications-of-Entanglement/e91-quantum-key-distribution-demo.ipynb)

### 3-qubit-bitflip-demo

[![Open In Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/main?labpath=Qiskit%2F13-Quantum-Error-Correction%2F3-qubit-bitflip-demo.ipynb)
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/blob/main/Qiskit/13-Quantum-Error-Correction/3-qubit-bitflip-demo.ipynb)

### 3-qubit-phaseflip-demo

[![Open In Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/main?labpath=Qiskit%2F13-Quantum-Error-Correction%2F3-qubit-phaseflip-demo.ipynb)
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/blob/main/Qiskit/13-Quantum-Error-Correction/3-qubit-phaseflip-demo.ipynb)

### 9-qubit-Shor-code-demo

[![Open In Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/main?labpath=Qiskit%2F13-Quantum-Error-Correction%2F9-qubit-Shor-code-demo.ipynb)
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/blob/main/Qiskit/13-Quantum-Error-Correction/9-qubit-Shor-code-demo.ipynb)

Commit message:

feat: Switched project from venv+pip+requirements.txt to uv+pyproject.toml+uv.lock.

Qiskit/README.md, after:

# Quantum Computing and Information: A Scaffolding Approach (2nd Edition)

This folder contains [Qiskit](https://www.ibm.com/quantum/qiskit) code samples for the textbook *Quantum Computing and Information: A Scaffolding Approach (2nd Edition)* by Peter Lee, Huiwen Ji, and Ran Cheng.

## Copyright

© John Hurst and Peter Lee, Published by Polaris QCI Publishing.

## Engaging with the Repository

We encourage readers to actively participate in this repository and contribute to its growth. Here's how you can engage:

### Explore and Use the Code

* Dive into the provided Jupyter notebooks (`.ipynb` files) and experiment with the code examples.
* Run the simulations and observe the results.
* Modify the code to explore different scenarios and deepen your understanding.

### Provide Feedback and Suggestions

* **Open Issues:** If you find any errors, have suggestions for improvements, or encounter any issues, please open an issue on GitHub.
* **Discuss Concepts:** Use the issue tracker to discuss specific concepts, ask questions, or share your insights.
* **Request New Content:** Suggest topics or examples you'd like to see added to the repository.

### Contribute Code and Content

* **Fork and Pull Requests:** If you have improvements in the code or documentation, new examples, or additional learning materials, fork the repository, make your changes, and submit a pull request.
* **Contribute Notebooks:** Create new Jupyter notebooks that illustrate specific concepts or provide additional examples.

#### Example Issue/Pull Request Ideas

* "Found a typo in the teleportation demo notebook."
* "Suggest adding an example of E91's algorithm implementation."

### Engage in Discussions

* **Follow the Repository:** Stay updated on new releases and discussions by following the repository.
* **Participate in Discussions:** Join existing discussions and share your thoughts.

**How to Contribute:**

1.  **Fork the repository:** Click the "Fork" button in the top right corner of the repository page.
2.  **Clone your fork:** Clone the forked repository to your local machine.
3.  **Create a branch:** Create a new branch for your changes.
4.  **Make your changes:** Modify the code, add new content, or improve documentation.
5.  **Commit your changes:** Commit your changes with descriptive commit messages.
6.  **Push your changes:** Push your changes to your forked repository.
7.  **Create a pull request:** Click the "New pull request" button on your forked repository page.

We believe that collaborative learning is essential for understanding quantum computing. We look forward to your contributions and engagement!

## Local Setup

The code is in the form of Python Jupyter notebooks.

You can run the code locally, or in the cloud using one of several Jupyter hosting services.

To run the notebooks locally, we recommend using [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) to manage your Python environment.
These instructions assume you are using uv in a Unix-like environment (Linux, MacOS, WSL).
(TODO: add Windows instructions)

Once you have uv installed, sync the project and initialize your virtual environment using the following commands:

```
cd Qiskit
uv sync
source .venv/bin/activate
```

To run the Jupyter notebook server, use the command:

``` bash
jupyter notebook
```

You can also run the notebooks in [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/sourcecontrol/github) if you prefer a more powerful coding environment.

## Cloud Services

You can also run the Jupyter notebooks Cloud-hosted notebook services such as [Binder](https://mybinder.org/) or [Google Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/).

Links for each sample for Binder and Colab are below:

### bb84-quantum-key-distribution-demo

[![Open In Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/main?labpath=Qiskit%2F05-Single-Qubit-Quantum-Gates%2Fbb84-quantum-key-distribution-demo.ipynb)
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/blob/main/Qiskit/05-Single-Qubit-Quantum-Gates/bb84-quantum-key-distribution-demo.ipynb)

### quantum-coin-game-demo

[![Open In Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/main?labpath=Qiskit%2F05-Single-Qubit-Quantum-Gates%2Fquantum-coin-game-demo.ipynb)
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/blob/main/Qiskit/05-Single-Qubit-Quantum-Gates/quantum-coin-game-demo.ipynb)

### teleportation-demo

[![Open In Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/main?labpath=Qiskit%2F10-Key-Applications-of-Entanglement%2Fteleportation-demo.ipynb)
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/blob/main/Qiskit/10-Key-Applications-of-Entanglement/teleportation-demo.ipynb)

### e91-quantum-key-distribution-demo

[![Open In Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/main?labpath=Qiskit%2F10-Key-Applications-of-Entanglement%2Fe91-quantum-key-distribution-demo.ipynb)
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/blob/main/Qiskit/10-Key-Applications-of-Entanglement/e91-quantum-key-distribution-demo.ipynb)

### 3-qubit-bitflip-demo

[![Open In Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/main?labpath=Qiskit%2F13-Quantum-Error-Correction%2F3-qubit-bitflip-demo.ipynb)
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/blob/main/Qiskit/13-Quantum-Error-Correction/3-qubit-bitflip-demo.ipynb)

### 3-qubit-phaseflip-demo

[![Open In Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/main?labpath=Qiskit%2F13-Quantum-Error-Correction%2F3-qubit-phaseflip-demo.ipynb)
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/blob/main/Qiskit/13-Quantum-Error-Correction/3-qubit-phaseflip-demo.ipynb)

### 9-qubit-Shor-code-demo

[![Open In Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/main?labpath=Qiskit%2F13-Quantum-Error-Correction%2F9-qubit-Shor-code-demo.ipynb)
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/Polaris-QCI/Quantum-Computing-and-Information-ed2/blob/main/Qiskit/13-Quantum-Error-Correction/9-qubit-Shor-code-demo.ipynb)
